This is what you said. You can get a good treatment by paying the money first.
If I can't pay, I'll call security right away
I'm short of money now, within 5 minutes
Send enough money to Yandu Hospital
Li Xuan, where did you get the money?
I'll find a phone number for the mayor
Said to be on the scene within 5 minutes
You are a friend of Chengkou
This boss is really sorry.
Just now, I spoke a little too loudly
But that is I will never know Tarzan
Can you
Take the hospital doctor in Chengkou, Mr. Qian
Please check it.
I've wanted to learn from him for a long time
So, from now on?
All your sister's medical expenses
I take it all
Get him a special nanny
To take care of his daily life
You see, this is always okay, right?
Do you really know the city lord?
Do you recognize me if you talk big if you are not asked out?
We'll find out later.
Doctor
Don't be deceived by him
This person
He was a piece of trash kicked out of our house
What about his sister?
Is a free babysitter for our family
Don't be deceived by him
Yes, we have a divorce agreement in hand to prove it